{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Pomodoro 
\fs22 \'97Italian Restaurant\
\
Jim is 27, he is looking for a nice italian restaurant (which he found through Yelp!) where he can take his girlfriend for their anniversary. He wants to make reservations online and look at the menu to make sure they have dishes available without nuts as his girlfriend is severely allergic. He also wants to see a wine menu.\
\
It is essential to have a reservations option and proper wine and food menus.\
\
\
Carla and John are looking to celebrate their 25th anniversary and they want to invite about 20 family and friends. They are wondering if catering is an option or if they have space at the restaurant for all their guests. They googled for restaurants who offered catering. \
\
The website must have a catering button, where they can click and get detailed package deals, events and other catering options.\
\
\
\
\
\
John Millar's Clothing Line \'97 Online shop\
\
\
Jack is 26, and he is about to go on vacation to Rome to meet his friends. He is completely clueless when it comes to fashion, so he wants to see what the latest trends are so he can look sharp on his vacation. He has always been very satisfied with the quality of John Millar's Clothes.\
\
What Jack needs is a Latest Trends button preferably with images.\
\
\
\
Sophie is 19, she is looking to buy some cute outfits but is on a budget. She is wondering if John Millar's is looking to hire, as she loves the clothing line. She found out that they were looking to hire through local advertisements.\
\
The site should have a Sale/Clearance option. She will also be interested in Career options.\
\
\
\
Local Music Bands Booking Agency \
\
\
A group of college friends, who have played music together for years, think they're good enough to seek representation to be able to perform at local clubs. They are wondering if they would be able to contact this Local Agency that they were able to track down through google and read rave reviews about.\
\
The site should offer contact information as well as forms that are required to be filled out by the applicants before their application is reviewed by the Agency.\
\
\
A local club is looking to hire a band for a bachelorette party event. They use the Agency website quite frequently.\
\
They should be able to log on to the site as a frequent member. There should be an option for past bands they have used and preferred over others (maybe ratings/stars and reviews). They should also have an option to view videos/audio to be able to judge a new band before they hire them.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}